The first year of Longwu
You ascended the throne
From then on
Domestically
You purged Prince Ning's remnants
Stabilized the court
Opened the borders
Absorbed northern refugees
Increased population
Built strategic towns
Sharpened weapons and fed horses
Externally
You sent envoys to former allies
Repaired relations with the Murong clan of Yandong
Though you constantly think of the northern expedition
You deeply understand
To achieve victory in one campaign
This war requires thorough preparation
For over ten years
Xuan's foundation
Under your rule
Has gradually recovered
Now
The time is near
The enemy cavalry is strong
Direct engagement is unfavorable to us
But fortunately
Our Xuan territory has great strategic depth
We should
Avoid decisive battle with the enemy
Let the enemy
Penetrate deep into our heartland
Once the Wuzhao penetrate deep
We will along the way
Implement scorched earth tactics
Then send cavalry to raid
Cut off Wuzhao supply lines
Especially after the rainy season
Newly formed river paths
Can slow the enemy cavalry
At the same time
Our forces maneuver
In guerrilla warfare
In this way
If we can eliminate in one stroke
The enemy's effective forces
Then the central plains
Can be secured
Second brother
Not to mention
How dangerous it is to let enemies cross Tianhe
Your scorched earth strategy
Will harm how many people?
Even if we win
You achieve success
The dead will not be just ten thousand
War always has casualties
Today's brief pain
For eternal peace
Why not?
Then, elder brother, you say
This war
How should it be fought?
The key is to increase Xuan's overall strength
I have a treatise on land
A strategy I devised to strengthen the state
Using Beiyuguan as a barrier
Engage in attrition warfare with the Wuzhao
The Wuzhao are good at fighting
But poor at logistics
And prone to infighting
Fight a war of attrition with them
Drag until their internal affairs collapse
Supplies cut off
Then the Wuzhao will surely be defeated
This is
Victory through governance
Then you won't care about the people in the north?
All things have priorities
Choose the important and do it first
This is the principle Father taught us since childhood
Well said